Hello Kunal,

Congratulations, you have moved to the next stage of your interview at ThoughtWorks! The next stage is your live coding session.

Date: Wednesday December 23

Time: 9:20am IST

Zoom Meeting ID: 
https://thoughtworks.zoom.us/j/93106853894?pwd=a24ycEVZekVTSVh4cWErWG9BV2ZXdz09

Agenda:

The session will involve simulating a client project and developing a user story (based on the codebase URL below). This will give you a taste of a day in the life of a ThoughtWorker! We’ll provide you with a brief at the start of your remote interview and you’ll be guided through the following stages: 

Codebase URL:  https://github.com/techops-recsys-lateral-hiring


Preparation list:

     Github repository & tips

Clone the code from the Github URL for your primary programming language
Use your favourite text editor or IDE and make sure you’re familiar with it 
You have access to the codebase - familiarise yourself with it and try to understand what it currently does and how it works
    How to prepare

Sign up for a Zoom account at zoom.us and download the application. When it’s time for your interview, join the conference call using the Zoom Meeting ID above.
As part of this interview, we’ll expect you to share your screen using this software as you write your code; we’ll provide instructions on how to do this during the interview 
Be sure you hide any confidential information on your desktop so we don't accidentally see something we shouldn't! You’ll be in control of the screen and the applications you share
Try to find a quiet, distraction-free space with good internet connection
    Final thoughts

    We believe interviewing should be an enjoyable experience for everyone involved, especially you! 

Even though you’ll be remote, you may still need a break during your interview(s). Simply let your interviewer know if you need a few minutes. 
And do let us know if you have any accessibility requests or requirements; we will do our best to accommodate your needs.
It’s important to us that everyone feels comfortable being themselves at ThoughtWorks, so you may be asked for your preferred pronouns by interviewer(s) so we know how to properly address you
And finally, please confirm your attendance. As always, don’t hesitate to reach out to me directly if you have any questions in the meantime!

Contact: 8882929432 or 9910860417 

We look forward to seeing you.

Anchal

